Update server_security.rst (#2083)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/server_security.rst

SSL Certificates
=====================================================

> Initial configuration of the Chef Infra Server is done automatically using a self-signed certificate to create the certificate and private key files for Nginx. This section details the process for updating a Chef server s SSL certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initial configuration of the Chef Infra Server is done automatically using a self-signed certificate to create the certificate and private key files for Nginx. This section details the process for updating a Chef Infra Server's SSL certificate.
```

While the file does not contain passwords in plaintext, it is not safe to share with untrusted users. The format of the secrets file allows Chef Infra Server deployments to conform to regulations that forbid the appearance of sensitive data in plain text in configuration files; however, it does not make the file meaningfully more secure.

SSL Encryption Between Chef Infra Server and External PostgreSQL
================================================================

**New in Chef Server X.Y:**  Chef Server X.Y introduces the capability to encrypt traffic between Chef Infra Server and an external PostgreSQL configuration over SSL.  These instructions are not all-encompassing and assume familiarity with PostgreSQL administration, configuration, and troubleshooting.  Consult the appropriate PostgreSQL documentation as necessary, e.g. https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.6/ssl-tcp.html.

To enable this encryption (typical scenario):

> 1. Ensure that OpenSSL is installed on the PostgreSQL machine.

Reviewer 2: might be useful to include the commands to check that? something like `dpkg -l | grep -i openssl` or `rpm -qa | grep -i openssl`

Author: Added reference to OpenSSL documentation.

> 2. Ensure that PostgreSQL has been built with SSL support compiled-in.

Reviewer 2: This would be only true for users compiling their own postgres?

Author: Added some clarification around this.

> 3. Place SSL certificates in the proper directories on the PostgreSQL machine, and ensure correct filenames, ownerships and permissions.

Reviewer 2: is there a specific path where postgres expects the certs to be, postgres data dir perhaps?

Author: The user should probably consult the PostgreSQL docs (I placed a link), and/or his sysadmin or database admin.  An external PostgreSQL will be the responsibility of the user.  Chef Server won't care how it is set up as long as they can communicate.

4. Enable SSL support on PostgreSQL, and specify paths to the SSL certificates, if necessary.

> 

Reviewer 2: Is the line below how you would enable ssl support on postgres? It is not clear if something additional needs to be done here.

Author: That section should be the only thing that needs to be done.

   Edit the postgresql.conf file on the PostgreSQL machine and ensure the relevant entries are present and not commented out (substitute the appropriate paths):

> ::

Reviewer 2: These seem to work only if there is no indentation after the code-block. Might want to try using the following instead?
  \```
     # my code here
  \```
  5. other instructions

Reviewer: See our [Style Guide](https://docs.chef.io/style_guide.html#code-blocks) for information on formatting code blocks.

Author: Now using `.. code-block:: bash`.  I assume that is correct?

While the file does not contain passwords in plaintext, it is not safe to share with untrusted users. The format of the secrets file allows Chef Infra Server deployments to conform to regulations that forbid the appearance of sensitive data in plain text in configuration files; however, it does not make the file meaningfully more secure.

SSL Encryption Between Chef Infra Server and External PostgreSQL
================================================================

> **New in Chef Server X.Y:**  Chef Server X.Y introduces the capability to encrypt traffic between Chef Infra Server and an external PostgreSQL configuration over SSL.  These instructions are not all-encompassing and assume familiarity with PostgreSQL administration, configuration, and troubleshooting.  Consult the appropriate PostgreSQL documentation as necessary, e.g. https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.6/ssl-tcp.html.

Reviewer 2: 13.0.13

> **New in Chef Server 13.1.13:**  Chef Server 13.1.13 introduces the capability to encrypt traffic between Chef Infra Server and an external PostgreSQL configuration over SSL.  These instructions are not all-encompassing and assume familiarity with PostgreSQL administration, configuration, and troubleshooting.  Consult the appropriate PostgreSQL documentation as necessary, e.g. https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.6/ssl-tcp.html.

Reviewer: Is there a reason for linking to version 9.6 of the postgresql docs instead of the most recent version? 
https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ssl-tcp.html

```suggestion
**New in Chef Infra Server 13.1.13:**  Chef Infra Server 13.1.13 introduces the ability to encrypt traffic between Chef Infra Server and an external PostgreSQL configuration over SSL.  These instructions are not all-encompassing and assume some familiarity with PostgreSQL administration, configuration, and troubleshooting.  Consult the `PostgreSQL documentation <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ssl-tcp.html>`_ for more information on connecting to PostgreSQL over an SSL connection.
```

Author: Yes.  Chef Server currently (or at least at the time of this writing) depends on Postgresql 9.6.  There does seem to be some upcoming work to upgrade Postgresql, however.  We should update the docs to reflect that once update happens... provided we can remember to do so.

> To enable this encryption (typical scenario):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a typical workflow for enabling an SSL connection:
```

Author: Reworded.

> 1. Ensure that OpenSSL is installed on the PostgreSQL machine (consult appropriate documentation as necessary, e.g. https://www.openssl.org/).

Reviewer: Numbered lists can be created using `#.` before each item. Sphinx will generate the proper numbers.

```suggestion
#. Ensure that `OpenSSL <https://www.openssl.org>`_ is installed on the PostgreSQL machine.
```

Author: Done.

> 2. Ensure that PostgreSQL has SSL support compiled-in (this applies whether you are compiling your own or using a pre-compiled binary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Ensure that PostgreSQL has SSL support compiled in. This applies whether you are compiling your own SSL binary or using a pre-compiled binary.
```

Author: Reworded this.

Author: Should this be 'compiled-in'  vs. 'compiled in' ?

Reviewer: In this case "compiled in" is a phrasal verb so there's no hyphen. If it were "The compiled-in binary...." then it would be hyphenated because that's an adjective. To make matters more confusing, you can remove the hyphen if "compiled in" is an adjective that follows the noun. So "the binary is compiled in" is correct.

> 3. Place SSL certificates in the proper directories on the PostgreSQL machine, and ensure correct filenames, ownerships and permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Place the SSL certificates in the proper directories on the PostgreSQL machine and ensure that they have the correct filenames, ownerships, and permissions.
```

Author: Reworded this.

> 4. Enable SSL support on PostgreSQL, and specify paths to the SSL certificates, if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Enable SSL support on PostgreSQL by editing the postgresql.conf file on the PostgreSQL machine. Specify the paths to the SSL certificates or comment out those lines if they are not required.
```

Author: Reworded.

>    Edit the postgresql.conf file on the PostgreSQL machine and ensure the relevant entries are present and not commented out (substitute the appropriate paths):

Reviewer: I would just get rid of this line. It can be folded in to the text above.
```suggestion
```

> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: The entire code block should be indented by three spaces to make it part of the list item above. The same goes for the other code blocks below. So `.. code-block:: bash` should be indented by three spaces and the text of the code block should be indented by 6.

Author: Done.

>    # mandatory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done

   ssl=on

>    # optional - uncomment accordingly

Reviewer: See text changes in the description above.
```suggestion
# remove these lines if these files aren't necessary
```

Author: Reworded.

>    #ssl_cert_file='<PATH/TO/CERT/FILE>'

Reviewer: Does that path actually need opening and closing <>? I'd cut those. 

```suggestion
   ssl_cert_file='path/to/cert/file'
```

Author: The path doesn't need opening and closing <> (in fact that would be an error).  But I see this notation used all the time in technical documentation.  If this isn't used in any of our docs I'm open to cutting it out.

>    #ssl_key_file='<PATH/TO/KEY/FILE>'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ssl_key_file='path/to/key/file'
```

Author: Done.

> 5. Consider forcing the use of SSL connections from the PostgreSQL side, otherwise non-SSL connections could be used.  This can be achieved by editing `pg_hba.conf` on the PostgreSQL machine, and changing the relevant Chef Infra Server connections to `hostssl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. To prevent non-SSL connections, edit the `pg_hba.conf` file on the PostgreSQL machine and change the relevant Chef Infra Server connections to `hostssl`. This will prevent PostgreSQL from accepting non-SSL connections.
```

Author: The thing is, the user might want to allow for and accept non-SSL connections.  So we don't want to provide instructions to the user to make that impossible; rather, we want the user to know that the use of SSL connections can be forced if that's what they want to do.

Reviewer: We could change it to "If you want to prevent non-SSL connections,..."

Author: Done (slightly reworded).

   Here is a sample `pg_hba.conf` file with `hostssl` connections for Chef Infra Server (the contents of your `pg_hba.conf` will be different):

> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: As above, indent the whole code block by three spaces.

Author: Done.

   # "local" is for Unix domain socket connections only
   local      all             all                                     peer

   # IPv4 local connections:
   hostssl    all             all             127.0.0.1/32            md5

   # IPv6 local connections:
   hostssl    all             all             ::1/128                 md5

   # nonlocal connections
   hostssl    all             all            192.168.33.100/32        md5

> 6. Restart PostgreSQL.  This can typically be done with the following command on the PostgreSQL machine (substitute the appropriate path):

Reviewer: Are there cases 

```suggestion
#. Restart PostgreSQL. This is typically done with the following command on PostgreSQL:
```

Author: I think there are various ways of doing this, e.g. (iirc) `postgresql-ctl...` or something similar.

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ /<PATH/TO/POSTGRESQL>/postgresql restart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   /path/to/postgresql/postgresql restart
```

Author: Done.

> 7. Edit /etc/opscode/chef-server.rb on the Chef Infra Server machine and add the following line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Edit ``/etc/opscode/chef-server.rb`` on the Chef Infra Server and add the following line:
```

Author: Question:  Do we typically put paths like /etc/opscode/chef-server.rb in back ticks like `/etc/opscode/chef-server.rb` ?

Reviewer: Good point on the back ticks.

Author: Ah, they should be doubled?  If so, I'll convert all of them.

.. code-block:: ruby

   postgresql['sslmode']='require'

> 

Reviewer 3: We should document the procedure for adding custom certs to chef server, or at least incorporate it by reference. It's not uncommon for the postgres server to use self signed or otherwise custom SSL certs that aren't on the standard chain of trust, and chef server needs to know to accept those.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/chef/chef-server/issues/1850

Author: Question: Does chef server currently even know or care about postgresql certs in an external postgresql configuration?

Author: re: <<Make sure we distinguish the tasks (enable SSL, set up certs, etc) from the means (edit this file). We won't be able to cover (or even keep up with) the various ways of getting postgres, but if we are clear about the steps and their intent, hopefully users will be able to self help.>>

I tried to convey this in most cases by stating the task to be done first ("Restart PostgreSQL") followed by an example means ("This can typically be done with the following command on the PostgreSQL machine...").  Let me know if this can be done in a better way.

> 8. Run the following command on the Chef Infra Server machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Reconfigure the Chef Infra Server:
```

Author: Reworded this.

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ chef-server-ctl reconfigure

Reviewer: Same as above with indenting the code blocks.
```suggestion
      chef-server-ctl reconfigure
```

Author: Done.

> 9. Verify that SSL is enabled and that SSL connections are up between Chef Server and your running PostgreSQL instance.  One way to do this is by using psql on the PostgreSQL machine:

Reviewer 3: Is there another way to verify this? Some use cases (cloud managed postgres, for example) may not let you log in to connect to postgres. Can we check this from the chef server side?

Reviewer 2: We can confirm if the chef-server-ctl psql will let you connect to the external postgresql and run the commands mentioned below.

Reviewer 2: Confirmed, it does.

Author: Question: Is there a particular service for `chef-server-ctl psql <SERVICE>` that needs to be used (I will add it to the docs)?  I tried `opscode-erchef` and `opscode_chef` which worked.  Should additional services be checked as well?

> 9. Verify that SSL is enabled and that SSL connections are up between Chef Infra Server and your running PostgreSQL instance.  One way to do this is by using `chef-server-ctl psql` on the Chef Infra Server machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Verify that SSL is enabled and that SSL connections are up between Chef Infra Server and your running PostgreSQL instance.  One way to do this is by using `chef-server-ctl psql` on the Chef Infra Server:
```

Author: '#' substituted for line number.

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ su - postgres

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   su - postgres
```

Author: The command to use here was changed.

>    $ psql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   psql
```

Author: Removed.

While the file does not contain passwords in plaintext, it is not safe to share with untrusted users. The format of the secrets file allows Chef Infra Server deployments to conform to regulations that forbid the appearance of sensitive data in plain text in configuration files; however, it does not make the file meaningfully more secure.

SSL Encryption Between Chef Infra Server and External PostgreSQL
================================================================

> **New in Chef Server 13.1.13:**  Chef Server 13.1.13 introduces the capability to encrypt traffic between Chef Infra Server and an external PostgreSQL server over SSL.  These instructions are not all-encompassing and assume familiarity with PostgreSQL administration, configuration, and troubleshooting.  Consult the appropriate PostgreSQL documentation as necessary, e.g. https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.6/ssl-tcp.html.

Reviewer: This updates the text but keeps the docs version number at 9.6.

```suggestion
**New in Chef Infra Server 13.1.13:**  Chef Infra Server 13.1.13 introduces the ability to encrypt traffic between Chef Infra Server and an external PostgreSQL configuration over SSL.  These instructions are not all-encompassing and assume some familiarity with PostgreSQL administration, configuration, and troubleshooting.  Consult the `PostgreSQL documentation <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.6/ssl-tcp.html`_ for more information on connecting to PostgreSQL over an SSL connection.
```

Author: Used most of your re-write but left the word 'server' vs 'configuration' for now because to me 'configuration' connotes the entire system of chef server and postgres boxes together where as 'server' connotes a single box.  (actually I originally used 'configuration' in the first version of this)

   Here is a sample ``pg_hba.conf`` file with `hostssl` connections for Chef Infra Server (the contents of your ``pg_hba.conf`` will be different):

   .. code-block:: bash
   
      # "local" is for Unix domain socket connections only
      local      all             all                                     peer
   
      # IPv4 local connections:
      hostssl    all             all             127.0.0.1/32            md5
   
      # IPv6 local connections:
      hostssl    all             all             ::1/128                 md5
   
      # nonlocal connections
      hostssl    all             all            192.168.33.100/32        md5

#. Restart PostgreSQL.  This can typically be done with the following command on the PostgreSQL machine (substitute the appropriate path):

   .. code-block:: bash
   
      $ /path/to/postgresql/postgresql restart

#. Edit ``/etc/opscode/chef-server.rb`` on the Chef Infra Server machine and add the following line:

   .. code-block:: ruby
   
      postgresql['sslmode']='require'

#. Run reconfigure on the Chef Infra Server machine:

   .. code-block:: bash
   
      $ chef-server-ctl reconfigure

> #. Verify that SSL is enabled and that SSL connections are up between Chef Infra Server and your running PostgreSQL instance.  One way to do this is by running ``chef-server-ctl psql`` on the Chef Infra Server machine and confirming that most connections in the ssl column are marked 't' (true):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Verify that SSL is enabled and that SSL connections are up between Chef Infra Server and your running PostgreSQL instance.  One way to do this is to log into the PostgreSQL database on the Chef Infra Server machine by runnning ``chef-server-ctl psql` and confirm that most connections in the ssl column are marked 't' (true):
```

Author: How about this:

Verify that SSL is enabled and that SSL connections are up between Chef Infra Server and your running PostgreSQL instance.  One way to do this is to log into the PostgreSQL database from the Chef Infra Server machine by runnning ``chef-server-ctl psql`` and examine the SSL state using SQL queries.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   Start a psql session:

```

Author: Done.

   .. code-block:: bash
   

>       $ chef-server-ctl psql opscode_chef 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      chef-server-ctl psql opscode_chef 
```

>       postgres=# show ssl;

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   From the ``psql`` session, enter ``postgres=# show ssl;`` which will show if ssl is enabled:

   .. code-block:: bash

      postgres=# show ssl;
```

Author: Done.

       ssl
      -----
       on
      (1 row)
   

>       postgres=# select * from pg_stat_ssl;

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   Then enter ``postgres=# select * from pg_stat_ssl;`` which will return true (``t``) in rows with SSL enabled:

   .. code-block:: bash

      postgres=# select * from pg_stat_ssl;
```

Author: Done.

       16090 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16091 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16092 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16093 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16094 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16095 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16096 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16097 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16098 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16099 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16100 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16101 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16102 | t   | TLSv1.2 | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 |  256 | f           |
       16119 | f   |         |                             |      |             |
      (21 rows)

>       postgres=# \q

Reviewer: We probably don't need to tell people to quit their session.
```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

While the file does not contain passwords in plaintext, it is not safe to share with untrusted users. The format of the secrets file allows Chef Infra Server deployments to conform to regulations that forbid the appearance of sensitive data in plain text in configuration files; however, it does not make the file meaningfully more secure.

SSL Encryption Between Chef Infra Server and External PostgreSQL
================================================================

**New in Chef Infra Server 13.1.13:**  Chef Infra Server 13.1.13 introduces the ability to encrypt traffic between Chef Infra Server and an external PostgreSQL server over SSL.  These instructions are not all-encompassing and assume some familiarity with PostgreSQL administration, configuration, and troubleshooting. Consult the `PostgreSQL documentation <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.6/ssl-tcp.html>`_ for more information.

> Here is a walkthrough of a typical scenario for enabling encryption between a Chef Infra Server machine and an external PostgreSQL machine.  It is assumed that both machines are networked together and user-accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a typical scenario for enabling encryption between a machine running Chef Infra Server and an external machine running PostgreSQL.  Both machines must be networked together and accessible to the user.
```

#. Run the following command on both machines to gain root access:

   .. code-block:: bash
    
      sudo -i

#. Ensure that `OpenSSL <https://www.openssl.org>`_ is installed on the PostgreSQL machine.

> #. Ensure that PostgreSQL is installed on the PostgreSQL machine and has SSL support compiled-in.  This applies whether you are compiling your own source or using a pre-compiled binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Ensure that SSL support is compiled in on PostgreSQL.  This applies whether you are compiling your own source or using a pre-compiled binary.
```

Author: Same 'machine' discussion.  Let me know.

> #. Place SSL certificates in the proper directories on the PostgreSQL machine, and ensure they have correct filenames, ownerships, and permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Place SSL certificates in the proper directories on the PostgreSQL machine and ensure they have correct filenames, ownerships, and permissions.
```

> #. Enable SSL on PostgreSQL, and specify paths to the SSL certificates.  This can be done by editing ``postgresql.conf`` on the PostgreSQL machine and ensuring the relevant entries are present (substitute the appropriate paths):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Enable SSL on PostgreSQL by editing the ``postgresql.conf`` file. Set ``ssl = on`` and specify the paths to the SSL certificates:
```

Author: For context (which may be missing), I wanted to communicate that there's two steps involved:  1) Enable SSL on PostgreSQL (the `ssl=on` part of the file to be edited), and 2) specify paths to the SSL certificates (the remaining part of the file to be edited).  So long as you know that, I'm fine with however you think is best to communicate that (assuming you think it needs to be communicated).  So we can either go with what you have above, add numbers to the steps, like "1) Enable SSL..., and 2) Specify the paths..." or do whatever you think is best.  Let me know and I'll be happy to do it :)

Reviewer: I updated the text again, I think that will be a bit more clear.

Author: I believe the last sentence ('Also ensure that those certificates are present...') is covered in the previous sentence directly above ('Place SSL certificates in the proper directories...'), so you could probably eliminate that sentence or fold that edit into the previous sentence above it.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me.

   .. code-block:: text
   
      ssl=on
   
      ssl_cert_file='/path/to/cert/file'
      ssl_key_file='/path/to/key/file'

> #. To prevent PostgreSQL from accepting non-SSL connections, edit ``pg_hba.conf`` on the PostgreSQL machine and change the relevant Chef Infra Server connections to `hostssl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. To prevent PostgreSQL from accepting non-SSL connections, edit ``pg_hba.conf`` on the PostgreSQL machine and change the relevant Chef Infra Server connections to ``hostssl``.
```

   Here is a sample ``pg_hba.conf`` file with `hostssl` connections for Chef Infra Server (the contents of your ``pg_hba.conf`` will be different):

   .. code-block:: text
   
      # "local" is for Unix domain socket connections only
      local      all             all                                     peer
   
      # IPv4 local connections:
      hostssl    all             all             127.0.0.1/32            md5
   
      # IPv6 local connections:
      hostssl    all             all             ::1/128                 md5
   
      # nonlocal connections
      hostssl    all             all            192.168.33.100/32        md5

> #. Restart PostgreSQL.  This can typically be done with the following command on the PostgreSQL machine (substitute the appropriate path):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Restart PostgreSQL.  This can typically be done with the following command on the PostgreSQL machine:
```

   .. code-block:: bash
   

>       $ /path/to/postgresql/postgresql restart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      /path/to/postgresql/postgresql restart
```

> #. Edit ``/etc/opscode/chef-server.rb`` on the Chef Infra Server machine and add the following line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Edit ``/etc/opscode/chef-server.rb`` on the Chef Infra Server and add the following line:
```

Author: Same 'machine' discussion.  i'm fine committing your edits if you are fine with them.

   .. code-block:: ruby
   
      postgresql['sslmode']='require'

> #. Run reconfigure on the Chef Infra Server machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Run reconfigure on the Chef Infra Server:
```

Author: My intention (here and elsewhere in the docs) was that I wanted the user to be clear that there are *TWO* machines we are configuring:  one machine running Chef Infra Server, and one machine running PostgreSQL.  If you feel fine that there can be no confusion here between which machine is which, I have no problems committing your change.  Let me know what you want to do :)

   .. code-block:: bash
   

>       $ chef-server-ctl reconfigure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      chef-server-ctl reconfigure
```

> #. Verify that SSL is enabled and that SSL connections are up between Chef Infra Server and your running PostgreSQL instance.  One way to do this is to log into the PostgreSQL database from the Chef Infra Server machine by runnning ``chef-server-ctl psql`` and examine the SSL state using SQL queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Verify that SSL is enabled and that SSL connections are up between Chef Infra Server and your running PostgreSQL instance.  One way to do this is to log into the PostgreSQL database from the Chef Infra Server by runnning ``chef-server-ctl psql`` and examine the SSL state using SQL queries.
```

Author: If you think it's obvious or apparent to the user that there are *TWO* machines we are dealing with here, and you are comfortable that we are adequately pointing out which machine he/she needs to configure in this step, I'm fine with committing your edits as-is :)

While the file does not contain passwords in plaintext, it is not safe to share with untrusted users. The format of the secrets file allows Chef Infra Server deployments to conform to regulations that forbid the appearance of sensitive data in plain text in configuration files; however, it does not make the file meaningfully more secure.

SSL Encryption Between Chef Infra Server and External PostgreSQL
================================================================

**New in Chef Server X.Y:**  Chef Server X.Y introduces the capability to encrypt traffic between Chef Infra Server and an external PostgreSQL configuration over SSL.  These instructions assume familiarity with PostgreSQL administration, configuration, and troubleshooting.  To enable this encryption (typical scenario):

> #. Ensure that PostgreSQL has been built with SSL support compiled-in.  Consult the appropriate PostgreSQL documentation as necessary.

Reviewer 2: is there a version recommendation? or a link to the documentation for a good supported version might be useful.

Author: Added.

#. Enable SSL support on PostgreSQL.  Ensure the following entry is present and not commented out in postgresql.conf on the PostgreSQL machine:

   .. code-block:: bash

>    ssl=on

Reviewer 2: the user will also need to add the .crt and .key files here, I think.

Author: Added some instructions for this.
